Branch add repo use case and improve DG format consistency for use case (#391)
AY2526S1-CS2103T-F12-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

2.  User chooses to delete a contact from the list.
3.  SC deletes the contact from the list and removes all the groups that they are attached to (if any).

    Use case ends.

**System: StudyCircle (SC)**  
**Use Case: UC14 - Set a repository link for a group**  
**Actor: User**  
**Preconditions: The specified group already exists within SC**

**MSS**

> 1.  User requests for a <u>list of groups (UC6)</u>.

Author: that is int the UC6 use case

2.  User enters repository link and specified group.
3.  SC sets the repository link for the specified group and displays a confirmation message.

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 2a. The repository link input is invalid or empty.

    * 2a1. SC shows an error message.

      Use case resumes from step 2.

> * 3a. The specified group already has a repository link.

Reviewer: I think this happen after 2.
Idk why this line of mine disappear in the previous review

Reviewer 2: Good catch. I have addressed this with the latest commit.

>     * 3a1. SC replaces the existing repository link with the new one and notifies the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 2b. The specified group already has a repository link.

    * 2b1. SC replaces the existing repository link with the new one and notifies the user.
```

      Use case ends.

* *a. At any point the user decides to cancel the operation.

  Use case ends.

**System: StudyCircle (SC)**  
**Use Case: UC15 - Retrieve a Repository Link for a Group**  
**Actor: User**
**Preconditions: The specified group already exists within StudyCircle (SC).**

**MSS**

> 1.  User requests for a <u>list of groups (UC6)</u>.

Reviewer: Should have a reply from SC, or you can make this as the preconditions
